welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian episode 6 mando pulls into a
space station he's talking to
grumpy Santa Claus here he's a mercenary
captain it seems like most of his jobs
border on the illegal you know the
policy no question
apparently they worked together a lot
back in mandos young trigger-happy days
he's got a job for mando to Prison Break
one of his crew and so mando is teaming
up with his current crew who are
basically the evil guardians of the
galaxy evil star Lords a classic
douchebag big devil guy is basically
Drax evil gomorrah's a Twi'lek girl and
she's given off serious crazy like
Harley Quinn vibes their friends a
prisoner on a New Republic prison ship
mandos not sure about busting in and
fighting the New Republic but they
assure him the whole ship is man by
droids which he's totally happy to kill
in fact there's a droid on the team and
they need him to pilot mandos ship
because it's off all the records i guess
and only the Droid could pilot it good
enough to fly under their radar
mando needs the money so they're off on
a prison break now the question we're
all asking where's baby Yoda Amanda was
trying to hide him in the compartment
but they found him what is it I got pet
or something yeah something like that
they drop out of hyperspace and the
Droid pulls his sick piloting maneuvers
forgot to tell him to buckle up so
they're sneaking around the prison ship
pretty soon though the droids notice
some and now it's mandos time to shine
he sneaks around behind the droids and
oh man epic fight he takes them all out
single-handedly they get to the control
room but there's a problem
ohoo there's a live dude in here he's
just some rookie prison ship guard the
only one here all by himself even
guardians the Galaxy would just kill him
but he's got a tracking device
yeah if he pushes that panic button to
New Republic fleet's coming in to kick
their butts mando tries to talk the kid
down but the other guys are gonna kill
him so boom they're in a Mexican
standoff but then BOOM Oh knife to the
neck yeah psycho Twilight Harley Quinn
chick just took charge there
unfortunately that kid hit the button
they got 20 minutes before the New
Republic comes down on him hard they get
over to the cell where their friends
being held and oh it's a buff Twilight
dude apparently he had mando had some
beef from back in the day and oh he
kicks man oh into the cell this whole
thing was a setup things look bleak for
our hero but
DeLoreans not going down easy he blows
up passing guard droid and rips it Sarma
uses that to open the cell and the
Mandalorians on the loose he gets to the
control room and shuts off the lights
starts closing the doors leading these
guys around and now it's an epic game of
cat and mouse first up is devil dude
mando tries to choke him out but all
this guy's too strong manda tries his
go-to trick the flamethrower but oh yeah
Devils immune to fire then he tries his
trick from episode 1 remember where he
shot the door and closed it on the guy
unfortunately devil dudes too strong for
even that yeah he's getting that squat
in unfortunately for him there's another
set of doors that boof back though
sideways next is Twilight chick she's a
master knife thrower but she brought a
knife to a best scar steel fights oh man
who takes her out - then it's the human
dude he's got a robot backpack armed
with a gun on it but that doesn't help
him it's a sweet scene cuz the lights
are flickering in a home and O's coming
in close to him he basically pulls a
Batman on the guy and yeah another one
down so finally it's buff Twilight
brother instead of fighting no it's like
hey man know if you kill me you don't
get paid let's let bygones be bygones
just take me back home you get the job
done
meanwhile on the ship the droids been
having a hilarious game of cat and mouse
with baby Yoda in the end the droid
finds him and oh no he's gonna blast him
but baby ona raises his hand he's gonna
use some force powers again Kumail
explodes the droid oh never mind that
that wasn't him that was mando so mando
flies back to the station and yeah he
brought buff Twyla comb it's like what
happened to the whole rest of the crew
no questions asked
that's the policy right yeah no that's
fair actually they give him his pay and
send him on his way unfortunately as
soon as he's away they're gonna send out
a ship to shoot him down but buffed
while looks like wait a minute what's
this in my pocket
oh if they're a public tracking beacon
ya Mentos snagged it and hid it on the
guy so as mentos getting away whoo-hoo
max wings come in ya the station's not
ready for that they shoot down their
ship and theoretically arrest those
dudes turns out mando didn't kill the
rest of the evil Guardians either he
just shoved them in a Cell so the
Mandalorian wins the day he tried to go
back to his roots of running with a bad
crew no morals just do the job but he
just can't do that
more he's a good guy now and kind of a
dad so the mandalorian and baby Yoda fly
off to their next adventure if you liked
this recap hit that subscribe button I'm
bringing you the best recaps of TV and
movies so don't miss out